Update changelog for version v0.4.0 (#241)
spiffe/spire-controller-manager: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.4.0] - 2023-11-02

<font size='7'>:rotating_light: ***PLEASE READ BEFORE UPGRADING*** :rotating_light:</font>

 This version contains changes in the `ClusterSPIFFEID` CRD, `ClusterFederatedTrustDomain` CRD and `ClusterStaticEntry` CRD. Before upgrading you __MUST__ do the following, in order:

- Update those CRDs into your cluster (see [here](./config/crd/bases/spire.spiffe.io_clusterspiffeids.yaml), [here](./config/crd/bases/spire.spiffe.io_clusterfederatedtrustdomains.yaml) and [here](.config/crd/bases/spire.spiffe.io_clusterstaticentries.yaml)).
- Update the `manager-role` ClusterRole, which includes additional permissions for `endpoints` CRD (see [here](./config/rbac/role.yaml))

### Security

- Updated to google.golang.org/grpc v1.59.0 to address CVE-2023-44487

### Added

> - ClusterSPIFFEID CRD can configure to Autopopulate DNS (#122)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ClusterSPIFFEID CRD support for DNS name auto-population (#122)
```

> - Support to run multiple spire clusters within a k8s cluster (#230)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for multiple SPIRE clusters running in the same K8S cluster using ClassName's (#230)
```

> - Status subresource definitions (#223)

Reviewer: This should go under "Fixed" and then:

`missing status subresource definitions`
